DOCSUP-11545: document the optimize_trivial_count_query setting (#29339)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/aggregate-functions/reference/count.md

ClickHouse supports the `COUNT(DISTINCT ...)` syntax. The behavior of this construction depends on the [count_distinct_implementation](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#settings-count_distinct_implementation) setting. It defines which of the [uniq\*](../../../sql-reference/aggregate-functions/reference/uniq.md#agg_function-uniq) functions is used to perform the operation. The default is the [uniqExact](../../../sql-reference/aggregate-functions/reference/uniqexact.md#agg_function-uniqexact) function.

> The `SELECT count() FROM table` query is optimized by default using metadata from MergeTree. If you need to use row-level security, disable [optimize_trivial_count_query](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#optimize-trivial-count-query) setting by set `optimize_trivial_count_query = 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SELECT count() FROM table` query is optimized by default using metadata from MergeTree. If you need to use row-level security, disable optimization using the [optimize_trivial_count_query](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#optimize-trivial-count-query) setting.
```
